[Music]
viva carlos sine viewers and well
Welcome to another video collaboration of
power new commander in this video let's go
to talk about the email that the email and email
about the identity of the mobile phone
for example when we make a
call is network knows that you have voice
image and recorded the siemens you
access to the net and so but is also
be provided if you see what
they do not have access to these
possibility to make a call
and sometimes you even have a high
and does not realize what it is that
this happens sometimes goes to the mark
and this is always another hypothesis for
You'll see if everything's all right.
before sending it to the brand or
to execute the possibilities all
not to stay for several days without
mobile phone and simplify your sister is
properly installed
How can you see the e-mail?
make on the scoreboard at 3 cardinal 06
cardinal and you make a call sign
and I will not put a picture here because
for questions to the more curious because
nor make jokes back and
How do you make a copy of
Safety from among a way that
this happens, something you can
ratify this directory that are
directory to return to normality
so that's how you voted for a program
called explorer route to do is copy
let you feel the same even this
program and of course need to have the broken
made the voice of her death can not
copy this directory
so this is how you see the web the folder
ruth roth mean the phone to kings
the phone and then you go and look for
this directory here eff sa
and you copy the directory do here
more copy then I ask for
Where do we want to copy?
but because of
Security for you to do the to cope
advice to put on your card
passes away
and then here is create a directory has
for example have the director called
download here and did only signed
here and copied here in the 1
the same directory my friends is simple
explanation is just right for you
make it be more rested
having to make calls and
apparently everything is fine everything is connected
of the year is just to be sure that before
to ship with the factory
made use of all the possibilities that
could do to avoid this
situation
I hope you enjoyed another video
cimi with the collaboration of power in
command and do not forget to subscribe
subscribe to the channel on youtube and stay
well until the next
[Music]